c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\LegoR2.xnb
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Network.exe
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Network.pdb
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Lidgren.Network.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Lidgren.Network.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\obj\x86\Debug\Network.exe
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\obj\x86\Debug\Network.pdb
c:\users\zsata\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\obj\x86\Debug\NetworkGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zsata\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Network\Network\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Images\Bullet.xnb
